---
layout:     post
title:      Hello 2023
subtitle:    "\"工作内容-中频推车版软件需求规格书\""
date:       2023-12-04
author:     Dr Gua
header-img: img/post-bg-2015.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - 工作
---


## 前言

为方便翻译，以此方式进行相关的测试

<p id = "build"></p>
---

## 正文

Section 5 Software Requirements Specification
The Software Requirements Specification (SRS) documents the requirements for the software. This typically includes functional, performance, interface, design, development, and requirements for the software. This document describes what the Software Device is supposed to do. This section was prepared in accordance with the FDA guidance documents titled “Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices” issued May, 2005 and “Content of Premarket Submissions for Management of Cybersecurity in Medical Devices” issued October, 2014.
5.1 Overall description
   - To monitor the hardware status, and to take corresponding actions. Status information include battery level, Keypad inputs, Bluetooth connection/buffer status and timers
   - To output treatment current pulses according to the treatment parameters configured, including pulse frequency, pulse width, polarity, output intensity, treatment duration;
   - To control the screen to display status of the device. The contents to be displayed include work status (Treatment mode/Standby mode), countdown timer, battery level indicator, TEA app connection status, output intensity.
    - To communicate with TEA app via Bluetooth.
5.1.1 Product perspective
  The TEA device is a single channel electrical stimulator. It is intended to be used in adult patients with functional abdominal pain associated with irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) through application to Cranial Nerves V, VII, IX and X, and the occipital nerves, as an aid in the reduction of pain when combined with other therapies for IBS.
5.1.2 Product features
Design performance
Number of channels	1
Treatment mode	TENS
Stimulation Channels	1
Stimulation waveform	Rectangular alternating
Stimulation mode	Continuous, Burst
Voltage compliance	12.5 V (at 1000 Ohm load)
Maximum output current	12.5 mA (at 1000 Ohm load)
Battery type	Rechargeable 3.7V Lithium-Polymer Battery 650 mAh
Current or voltage regulation	Current regulation
Stimulation pulse width range	50 – 500μs
Stimulation frequency range	1 – 100 Hz
Treatment time	5~240min (default 60 min)
Signal transmission	2.4 GHz Bluetooth with BLE protocol 4.2 (or higher)
Valid Transmission	Up to 10 meters
Receiver	2.4GHz BLE enabled smart phone running Android 6.0 (or later)
5.1.3 User class and characteristics
  This stimulator is intended to be used by adults.
5.1.4 Hardware Requirements and Software Requirements:
Req. code	Requirement 	Recommended
SRS-FW-01	Microprocessor:	STM32F405 (32 bit ARM Cortex)
Communication peripherals: UART, SPI, I2C
Analog peripherals: A/D converters, D/A converters
GPIO requirement: ≥36
SRS-FW-02	Memory:	STM32F405:
Flash memory≥256kB
SRAM≥64kB
W25Q64 (Flash memory chip): 8MB
SRS-FW-03	Bluetooth microprocessor:	HJ-580XP
BLE protocol 4.2 with WPA2-AES-128 bit encryption
SoC: DA14580 from Dialog Semiconductor (32 bit ARM Cortex-M0)
Low output power: 1 mW (max)
SRS-FW-04	OLED Display:	Display Color: White
Dot Matrix: 128×32
Driver IC: SSD1306Z
Interface: 4-wire SPI
SRS-FW-05	Push button:	Travel: 0.12mm
Operating life: 200,000 cycles
Initial contact resistance: 100mΩ max.
Button scan: To prevent the button from being unresponsive, after press the buttons, the software shall scan the button again if it does not receive the feedback signal
SRS-FW-06	RTC Device:	CMOS Real-Time Clock with low power consumption and I2C interface
Hardware Requirements

Req. code	Requirement 	Recommended
SRS-APP-01	Login and registration	Complete the login registration of the mobile APP, including: email login, registration and other necessary functions.
SRS-APP-02	Welcome view.	After logging in, enter the software welcome view and display the welcome message.
SRS-APP-03	Bluetooth search and connect.	Click the button on welcome view to enter the treatment view. The user searches for the Bluetooth MAC address of the TEA device through the mobile phone. Then, the user performs a Bluetooth connection between the mobile phone and the TEA device. After the Bluetooth connection is successful, the APP will save the MAC address information of the TEA device and display it on view.
SRS-APP-04	Treatment options.	Click a button and drop down to select the corresponding treatment. There are a total of 7 treatments, 6 of which are default treatments, and one custom treatment that can modify parameters. Click on one of these treatments and parameters will be imported into the TEA device. Parameters include: pulse width, stimulation frequency, treatment time, treatment current intensity.
SRS-APP-05	Treatment data download.	Download treatment data from TEA device.
SRS-APP-06	Navigation menu.	Pull down and display the main function module buttons.
SRS-APP-07	Treatment Reports.	Show reports for one day, one week, one month, or more.
SRS-APP-08	Help and feedback.	Help and feedback. It mainly includes TEA device operation steps, exception troubleshooting, operation logs, exit app.
SRS-APP-23	Version update	Check the new APK and firmware version number through the network, and download the APK and firmware with the user's permission to complete the update task.
Software Requirements

5.1.5 Programming Language Requirements
Req. code	Requirement	Recommended
SRS-FW-07	Choose an efficient and flexible programing language with limited code size and memory space (also refer to 5.1.4 for hardware requirements)	C language, Code size ≤ 256kB
RAM usage ≤ 64kB

Req. code	Requirement	Recommended
SRS-APP-09	Choose an efficient and flexible programing language.	Android, Kotlin language

5.1.6 Interface Requirements
Req. code	Requirement	Recommended
SRS-FW-08	Screen display
The screen of the device is an OLED display with an SPI interface.
An SPI driver is required for screen display control. 	The screen displays information including:
	Battery level/status (charging/low level warning)
	Countdown timer, indicating the time left for the current treatment
	TEA app connection status, indicating whether the BLE connection with TEA app is established
	Output Intensity
	Working status, suggesting if the device is treatment mode or standby mode
SRS-FW-09	Flash Memory interface,
The memory chip in use W25Q64 is a serial flash memory, which has an SPI interface.
An SPI driver is required for managing the read/write operation of the flash memory chip.	The data stored in the flash memory include
	System configurations
	Treatment Record and other events
	Treatment parameters
	Indicator icon data: battery icons, connection icons, working status icons.
SRS-FW-10	BLE module management
BLE module interfaces with master microprocessor through UART (Universal Asynchronous Receiver/Transmitter) port;
A UART driver needs to be developed for the communication with BLE module.
Use the same communication protocol to design	BLE functionality include
	Through BLE communication, the TEA app can control and synchronize status with the connected devices.
	TEA app can download data from the device, e.g., treatment record.
	BLE protocol 4.2
	Adopt high priority for signal transmission and receive processing.
	adopt frequency hopping technology to transmit and enhance the anti-interference.
SRS-FW-11	RTC (Real Time Clock) IC management
The Clock chip pcf8563 is on the I2C (Inter-Integrated Circuit) bus. An I2C routine is required to obtain the real time data.	The treatment record/history will use the data from pcf8563 for time stamp.

Req. code	Requirement	Recommended
SRS-APP-10	Database interfaces.	SQLite

5.1.7 Software Performance and Functional Requirements
Req. code	Requirement	Recommended
SRS-FW-12	Pulse generation
	The embedded software manipulates the functional components including boost converter, voltage controlled current source, H-bridge circuit to create electrical pulses with specific parameters (i.e., frequency, pulse width, intensity，duration.).
SRS-FW\-13	Data Storage	Data structure in the flash memory and the read and write protocol is defined.
The key data structures include those for treatment record, pulse generation, indicator icon data, system configuration
SRS-FW-14	Power management 	The embedded software controls and retrieves the status of functional units including battery management circuit, LDOs, boost converter and microprocessor (low power mode for example )
SRS-FW-15	Timer management	The expected treatment is realized by injecting electrical pulse sequences of specific parameters at electrode/skin interface. Timers are required to trigger these pulses with certain accuracy
Timer requirements:
Stimulation: pulse frequency timing, pulse width timing, treatment duration
SRS-FW-16	Interrupt handling	Interrupt handling is required for functions including processing Bluetooth transmission, Keypad input and timer overflows.
SRS-FW-17	System initialization and self-test of peripherals	After the device is turned on, the system has to go through the initialization process, configuring resources including clocks, GPIOs, communication interfaces, timers and peripherals and initializing the system status.
The default treatment time shall be set to 60 min. In order to avoid sudden unpleasant sensation of stimulation, the initial current shall be set to 1.0 mA.
The peripherals are the memory chip, Bluetooth module, RTC chip and OLED display whose functionality are tested after initialization.

5.1.8 Design and Implementation Constraints
Req. code	Requirement	Recommended
SRS-FW-18	Design and Implementation Constraints	The software is developed on STM32F405 platform. All functional hardware resource must be compatible with STM32F405.
In order to reduce failure rate, the system shall be properly initialized every time after power on.
Watchdog mechanism is implemented for handling system crash.
Note: “break” sentence shall be put into the program to prevent the device from going into infinite loop.

Req. code	Requirement	Recommended
SRS-APP-11	Design and Implementation Constraints	The software design and implementation are closely linked, and implementation often needs to be taken into account when considering a design.

5.1.9 User Documentation
Req. code	Requirement	Recommended
SRS-FW-19	User documentation	The product shall provide the Instructions for Use to end users.

Req. code	Requirement	Recommended
SRS-APP-12	User documentation	The product shall provide the Instructions for Use to end users.

5.1.10 Assumptions and dependencies
Req. code	Requirement	Recommended
SRS-FW-20	Assumptions and dependencies	The software can only be run on STM32F405. It manages all hardware resources and needs no operating system.

Req. code	Requirement	Recommended
SRS-APP-13	Assumptions and dependencies	The software can be run on Android operating system.

5.2 External Interface Requirements
Req. code	Requirement	Recommended
SRS-FW-21	External interface – Push button switches	There are 3 push buttons for users to operate the device.  , + , -
Long press the   button to power on when system is in power-off state.
After the device is powered on.
One button   starts/stops the treatment
And the other two” + , - “ control the output intensity.
Long pressing    will shut down the device.
Program need design to shields the rest keys when one key is pressed.
SRS-FW-22	External interface – Screen display	The screen displays information including battery level, TEA app connection status, stimulus strength, countdown timer, and operating status (on/off)


\

The states of battery icon indicator include:
	Discharging,
	Low battery level warning,
	Charging in process,
	Fully charged.
Operating mode :
	ON (treatment mode)
	OFF (standby mode)
Connect state:
	Connected
	disconnected
SRS-FW-23	External interface –
Bluetooth communication
Control device from TEA app	The user can download the app installer on manufacturer's website and install the TEA app on a Android phone. The platform installation requirements as follows:
•	Support the Android operation system
•	Software version: Android 6.0 version or above


Req. code	Requirement	Recommended
SRS-APP-14	BLE module interfaces. 	Implement Bluetooth search, pairing, connection and communication.
SRS-APP-15	Web Service interfaces.	Mainly used for registration and sending verification codes. APK and firmware version check and APK and firmware program download with user permission.
SRS-APP-17	TEA device state display.



	Display the picture of TEA device.
Display the time countdown and icon.
Display the Icon of the TEA device on or off state.
Display the number of current intensity.
Display the Icon of battery capacity.
Display the Bluetooth connection state icon.
SRS-APP-18	Button click event.	Click a button, control the TEA device ON or OFF.
Click a button, increase in current intensity.
Click a button, reduce current intensity.

5.3 Other Non-functional Requirements
 5.3.1 Performance Requirements
Req. code	Requirement	Recommended
SRS-FW-24	Output capability and power consumption	Handling parameters like pulse frequency, pulse width, pulse intensity and other waveform characteristics are crucial to the successful delivery of treatment pulses. The device uses battery as power source, so the current consumption should be kept low enough, which suggests that the software has to make the best of low power mode feature of the STM32F405 embedded platform.
SRS-FW-25	Power saving feature	The device will automatically turn off after 300 seconds of inactivity in the standby mode.

Req. code	Requirement	Recommended
SRS-APP-19	Response time.	The response time must be less than the maximum acceptable to the user.
SRS-APP-20	Resource utilization	High resource utilization, does not affect the normal use of other applications.

5.3.2 Safety Requirements
Req. code	Requirement	Recommended
SRS-FW-26	Safety requirement	Because excessive energy may be harmful to the user, so the frequency, pulse width and intensity must be designed in accordance with IEC 60601-2-10.
5.3.3 Security Requirements
Req. code	Requirement	Recommended
SRS-FW-27	Cybersecurity requirement	The device can be connected to a smart phone with proprietary application loaded，which makes it classified as a device with Higher Cybersecurity Risk (Tier 1). Therefore, effective cybersecurity controls are required for the device to secure it from doing any harm to patients in the events such as unauthorized use, loss of integrity of data or code, leakage of confidential data. These cybersecurity measures include user authentication, BLE connection authentication, BLE transmission encryption, etc. (see cybersecurity documentation)

Req. code	Requirement	Recommended
SRS-APP-21	Cyber security requirement	The software has high cyber security risk controls to ensure that it does not cause any harm to patients in the event of unauthorized use, loss of data or code integrity, confidential data leakage, etc. These cyber security measures include user authentication, BLE connection authentication, BLE transport encryption, etc. (see network security documentation).

5.3.4 Software Quality Attributes
Req. code	Requirement	Recommended
SRS-FW-28	Software quality attributes	The software shall only execute in the chip of STM32F405, and shall be operated by button and / or from TEA app.
Req. code	Requirement	Recommended
SRS-APP-22	Software quality attributes	Each function of the software can run normally and meet the requirements of users.



## 后记

如果顺利，后续的翻译工作都可以以此方式进行。

—— Dr Gua 记于 2023.07


